Create eventing mesh overview and architecture (#7278)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/knative-eventing-mesh/06-01-httpsource.md

---
title: HTTPSource
type: Custom Resource
---

The `httpsources.sources.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format used to create and event source adapter in Kyma.
The HTTP Source custom resource (CR) defines the sources of events. To get the up-to-date CRD and show the output in the `yaml` format, run this command:

```bash
kubectl get crd httpsources.sources.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

## Sample custom resource

This is a sample resource that receives events from an Applications and sends them to a preconfigured sink.

> ```

Reviewer: Please add `yaml` adnnotation

---
title: HTTPSource
type: Custom Resource
---

The `httpsources.sources.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) is a detailed description of the kind of data and the format used to define an event source in Kyma.

> The HTTP Source custom resource (CR) defines the source of events. This means it specifies the Application that sends these events.

Author: 👍  reworked this part.

> The HTTP Source custom resource (CR) specifies the external Application that sends events to subscribers, such as lambdas or services. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HTTPSource custom resource (CR) specifies the external Application that sends events to subscribers, such as lambdas or services. 
```

Author: Done.

To get the up-to-date CRD and show the output in the `yaml` format, run this command:

```bash
kubectl get crd httpsources.sources.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

## Sample custom resource

This is a sample resource that receives events from an Application.

```yaml
apiVersion: sources.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: HTTPSource
metadata:
  name: varkes
  namespace: prod
spec:
  source: {application_name}
```
##  Custom resource parameters

This table lists all the possible parameters of a given resource together with their descriptions:

| Parameter   |      Required      |  Description |
|----------|:-------------:|------|
| **metadata.name** | Yes | Specifies the name of the CR. |

> | **metadata.namespace** | Yes | Specifies the Namespace in which the CR is created. |

Reviewer 3: do we really need to specify metadata information for namespaced resources?

Author: you mean specify in the docs or specify in general? In the docs, we usually do, yes.

Reviewer 2: Is it obligatory to provide this parameter? Isn't it that the `default` namespace is set if you don't specify it? See this for ref: https://kyma-project.io/docs/master/components/serverless-v2/#custom-resource-function-custom-resource-properties
